hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1992 alien horror film aliens
3 so let's get started the spoiler does
require in part that you've seen the
previous films if you need to see a
spoiler for them check out the links and
the cards above the film starts with a
fire aboard the spaceship Sulak oh the
one from the previous film escape pods
are launched and a scan shows that a
queen facehugger has attached itself to
one of the crew members the pod land on
a prison colony with the inmates having
violent histories Ripley awakens from
her cryostasis and meets Clemens the
doctor who informs her that she is the
only survivor the prison warden
Harold Andrews warns her that her
present amongst the male inmates might
cause him disruptive effects Ripley
insists that an autopsy be performed on
the dead girl Newt to ensure that she is
not killing an alien embryo however no
embryo is found the others from the
escape pods are cremated we see an
inmate get attacked by a face hugger and
later we see an alien burst from his
chest the alien begins to grow and kill
several prisoners as Ripley tries to
salvage the Android Bishop from her
destroyed pod for inmates attempt to
rape her
but another inmate named Dylan
intervenes Ripley then reactivates
bishop who confirms that the facehugger
was aboard the scape pods with them she
then informs warden Andrews of her
experiences with the aliens and suggests
that everyone worked together to kill
the alien Andrews doesn't believe her
and explains that the facility does not
have any weapons so they should wait for
the rescue ship from Ripley's old
company way Linea Tunis the alien
appears and kills Clemens but spares
Ripley Ripley uses a scanner and
discovers that the Queen alien is
growing inside of her she realizes that
her former employer weyland-yutani just
wants her back so they can use the Queen
alien for weapons purposes she begs
Dillon to kill her in order to prevent
the Queen from being born but Dylan says
he will only do it once they've killed
the other alien Ripley rallies the
inmates to kill the alien by leading it
into a trap to pour molten lead onto it
through a series of events Dylan
sacrifices himself
to hold the alien in place long enough
so the alien can be covered in molten
let the alien begins to escape but
sprinklers are activated causing the
metal to rapidly cool shattering it and
killing it the weyland-yutani team
arrives with a man who looks exactly
like the Android Bishop he states that
he is bishops creator and wanted to be
there as a friendly face to Ripley
he tries to convince Ripley to undergo
surgery to remove the alien inside of
her saying that it will destroy the
alien Ripley doesn't trust them and
refuses and positions herself over a
furnace eventually jumping in the
facility is closed and the only
surviving inmate plays Ripley's
recording from the first film so that
was the spoilers for aliens 3 if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie spoiler alerts on
our various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching